This is the documentation of the game which details the design features and ideas used in the game.

Name of the Game: Dare To Cross

Description:

This is a multiplayer game with two players and different levels. In each level, the player will get spawned in the top partition
or the bottom partition depending upon the player number. The spawn position is random. Player 1 will be spwaned in the bottom-most
partition, so from there he has to reach the top-most partition to finish the round properly. If in case he gets crashed with any of
the still(thorns) or moving(fish, shark) obstacles the score he gets for that round will be zero. After player 1's round,
player 2's round will start. He will be spawned in the top-most partition[below the partition which displays player stats],
and would have to reach the bottom-most partition to win the round.

The number of obstacles discussed below are per partition which has those moving/fixed obstacles.

As the player progresses through the levels the speed, size, and the number of moving obstacles will also change. In the levels 1 and 2,
the moving obstacles are relatively small normal fishes, but once the player reaches level 3, the moving obstacles change to 1-2 sharks.
The number of moving obstacles after level 3 will be 1-2 sharks which is decided randomly which adds a level of uncertainty to each round,
which in turn will engage the actual players.

After level 4, the number of fixed obstacles will be between 3-5. This is also decided randomly.


Final score is calculated using the formula,
    Final score = (score for the player by crossing obstacles) + 0.1 * Time left for the player

Instructions for the game:

Run dare_to_cross.py to start the game.

Once the game opens, you will be greeted with an intro screen, which challenges you to cross the game[Which is also the name of the game].

You have to press enter to start the game.

Once the game starts, the player 1's round will start by default. After player 1's round, player 2's round will start.

The game happens spontaneously and the next round starts right after the previous round with an interval of only two seconds.

If you want to pause while you are in game, press escape. Then you will be in a screen from where you can choose to continue the game,
or quit the game.

Once you are in the game, the keys for the movement are arrow-keys.
To move up: Arrow key up
To move down: Arrow key down
To move left: Arrow key left
To move right: Arrow key right
